hey guys I'm back and look what a
heartbreaker I pulled this up he was
sticking straight up by the ground like
that and I pulled it up and pulled it up
and it kept coming and kept coming and
kept coming I mean this dude man I know
I wouldn't have it on here breaks my
heart but it's such a nice piece and I
think I got a sworn right here to watch
sucker
straight as an arrow let's hope that's
was the same way because I got one here
and then ain't such a heartbreaker yes
man that suckers nice
all right guys good luck everybody and
get off here is way if I find another
one I can get put it on here
good luck peace out
okay guys I'm back and looks like I got
me a nice nice plate here oh my goodness
it's been a couple days since I found
all the morning I just can't stay away
this is amazing only that dudes big Oh
oh boy
let's hook her sweet I'm thinking it's a
knife
they might be in ads but that
and being pointed like as more likely a
blade
all right guys good luck everybody
I got me some nice arrowhead cases for
Christmas so this guy's going in one
that's for sure good luck
you